profile/README.md, before:

# Welcome to OpenBao 👋
<p align="center">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openbao/artwork/main/color/openbao-text-color.svg" height="30%" width="30%"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/welcome" alt="element"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/element-@openbao--element-green.svg" alt="element"></img></a>
<a href="https://openbao.org" alt="Project website"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-openbao.org-blue.svg" alt="Project website"></img></a>
<a href="https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/" alt="LF Edge Project Page"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/projectpage-openbao_@_LF_Edge-orange.svg" alt="LF Edge Project Page"></img></a>
<a href="https://lf-edge.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OP/overview" alt="Wiki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiki-@lf_edge--wiki-9cf.svg" alt="wiki"></img></a>

</p>

[OpenBao](https://openbao.org) is an identity-based secrets and encryption management system with open governance under [Linux Foundation Edge](https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/).

## Contact

For reporting bugs, requesting features, and discussing changes, developers should use Github issues and discussions on these repositories. To connect with the community and learn more about the software solution, new users should bookmark or visit the [OpenBao web site](https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/).

You can reach out to us through the following channels as well:

- [Mailing List](https://lists.lfedge.org/g/openbao)
- [TSC Mailing List](https://lists.lfedge.org/g/openbao-tsc)
- [Chat Server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/)
  - `#openbao-announcements` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-announcements:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-announcements:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-development` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-development:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-development:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-general` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-general:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-general:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-questions` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-questions:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-questions:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-random` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-random:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-random:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/openbao/discussions)

### Community driven development

We love ❤ open source and building our project in the open.

- At [LF Edge](https://www.lfedge.org/), the umbrella group within the Linux Foundation, OpenBao is a Stage One: At-Large project.
- Join us so we can make OpenBao more robust and more inclusive.
- Please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openbao/openbao/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details of how you can get involved and [Code of Conduct](https://lfprojects.org/policies/code-of-conduct/) for information about how to participate.

### Appendix

- [Documentation Site](https://openbao.org/)
- [Contributing](https://github.com/openbao/openbao/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Mentorship Opportunities](https://wiki.lfedge.org/display/OH/Mentorship+Programs)
- [Code of Conduct](https://lfprojects.org/policies/code-of-conduct/)
- [Anti-trust Policy](https://lfprojects.org/policies/antitrust-policy/)

Commit message:

Link to security policy on organization profile page
Signed-off-by: Michael Hofer <michael.hofer@secretz.io>

profile/README.md, after:

# Welcome to OpenBao 👋
<p align="center">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openbao/artwork/main/color/openbao-text-color.svg" height="30%" width="30%"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/welcome" alt="element"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/element-@openbao--element-green.svg" alt="element"></img></a>
<a href="https://openbao.org" alt="Project website"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-openbao.org-blue.svg" alt="Project website"></img></a>
<a href="https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/" alt="LF Edge Project Page"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/projectpage-openbao_@_LF_Edge-orange.svg" alt="LF Edge Project Page"></img></a>
<a href="https://lf-edge.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OP/overview" alt="Wiki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiki-@lf_edge--wiki-9cf.svg" alt="wiki"></img></a>

</p>

[OpenBao](https://openbao.org) is an identity-based secrets and encryption management system with open governance under [Linux Foundation Edge](https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/).

## Contact

For reporting bugs, requesting features, and discussing changes, developers should use Github issues and discussions on these repositories. To connect with the community and learn more about the software solution, new users should bookmark or visit the [OpenBao web site](https://www.lfedge.org/projects/openbao/).

You can reach out to us through the following channels as well:

- [Mailing List](https://lists.lfedge.org/g/openbao)
- [TSC Mailing List](https://lists.lfedge.org/g/openbao-tsc)
- [Chat Server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/)
  - `#openbao-announcements` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-announcements:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-announcements:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-development` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-development:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-development:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-general` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-general:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-general:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-questions` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-questions:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-questions:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
  - `#openbao-random` ([matrix client](https://matrix.to/#/#openbao-random:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org), [home server](https://chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/room/#openbao-random:chat.lfx.linuxfoundation.org))
- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/openbao/discussions)

### Community driven development

We love ❤ open source and building our project in the open.

- At [LF Edge](https://www.lfedge.org/), the umbrella group within the Linux Foundation, OpenBao is a Stage One: At-Large project.
- Join us so we can make OpenBao more robust and more inclusive.
- Please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openbao/openbao/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details of how you can get involved and [Code of Conduct](https://lfprojects.org/policies/code-of-conduct/) for information about how to participate.

### Security

Please consult our [security policy](../SECURITY.md), if you believe to have identified a security issue or problem.

### Appendix

- [Documentation Site](https://openbao.org/)
- [Contributing](https://github.com/openbao/openbao/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Mentorship Opportunities](https://wiki.lfedge.org/display/OH/Mentorship+Programs)
- [Code of Conduct](https://lfprojects.org/policies/code-of-conduct/)
- [Anti-trust Policy](https://lfprojects.org/policies/antitrust-policy/)
